Data loading overhaul doc 1564 (#188)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/data-loading/pages/data-streaming-connector/index.adoc

$ gadmin connector delete <connector_name> -s
----

== Create the loading job

> The loading job creation happens entirely in GSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loading jobs for the Data Streaming Connector are created and run in GSQL.
```

=== Specify a graph and config file

[source.wrap, gsql]
----
USE GRAPH test_graph

> CREATE DATA_SOURCE STREAM s1 = "ds_config.json" for graph test_graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CREATE DATA_SOURCE STREAM s1 = "ds_config.json" FOR GRAPH test_graph
```

----

In this example, we create a data source of type `STREAM` and name it `s1`.

> We set our data source as the `ds_config.json` file.

Reviewer: ds_config.json is not the data source; it is the steam's config file.
That confusion is the fault of the command syntax.  The syntax should not be 
`STREAM s1 = <config_file>`
An example of a semantically correct syntax is
`STREAM s1 WITH CONFIG <config_file>`

> .JSON config file examples

Reviewer: I found the presentation of this example confusing.  You show bits and pieces of what is needed, and then the entire job in the next subsection "Sample loading job syntax".  
I think it would be better to either
1. **Talk** about the high-level workflow (create a data_source stream, create a loading job, run the job), then drill down into details of each, or
2. **Show** and entire example workflow, then drill down to talk about the details.

header - default is from loading job and is false

=== Sample loading job syntax

In this example, the dataset is the LDBC_SNB dataset, which has a

[source.wrap, gsql]
----
USE GRAPH test_graph
CREATE DATA_SOURCE STREAM s1 = "ds_config.json" for graph test_graph

CREATE LOADING JOB stream_csv FOR GRAPH test_graph {
    DEFINE FILENAME file_Comment = "$s1:s3://s3-loading-test/tg_ldbc_snb/sf0.1_csv/dynamic/Comment";
    DEFINE FILENAME file_Person = "$s1:s3://s3-loading-test/tg_ldbc_snb/sf0.1_csv/dynamic/Person";
    DEFINE FILENAME file_Comment_hasCreator_Person = "$s1:s3://s3-loading-test/tg_ldbc_snb/sf0.1_csv/dynamic/Comment_hasCreator_Person";
    LOAD file_Comment
    TO VERTEX Comment VALUES ($1, $0, $2, $3, $4, $5) USING header="true", separator="|";
    LOAD file_Person
    TO VERTEX Person VALUES ($1, $2, $3, $4, $5, $0, $6, $7, SPLIT($8,";"), SPLIT($9,";")) USING header="true", separator="|";
    LOAD file_Comment_hasCreator_Person
    TO EDGE HAS_CREATOR VALUES ($1, $2) USING header="true", separator="|";
}
----

=== Run the loading job

Use the command `RUN LOADING JOB` to run the loading job.

[source, gsql]
----
RUN LOADING JOB stream_csv
----

> By default, new files or new lines in files in an external data source are not automatically loaded into TigerGraph once the loading job stops.

Reviewer: It can be unclear what is considered "new". Does it mean anything added after the loading job starts?

> The data streaming connector also supports continuous loading with an `EOF` flag, short for "terminate loading at the end of the file."

Reviewer: I find this use use of "short for" surprising:
* EOF as an acronym: yes, EOF is short for "end of file"
* EOF as the name of a flag: Every flag for every command is "short for" something, but we don't usually explain it that way. We simply explain the behavior, such as "If EOF is true, the continuous loading will stop when the loader encounters an end-of-file (EOF) character in the data."
